Feature/core 594 node 12 compatibility (#4)
evannetwork/generator-evan: VERSIONS.md

### Features

### Fixes

> - update gulp build scripts to be compatible node 12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- update gulp build scripts to be compatible with nodejs 12
```
